doc/known_issues: updates on NCSDK-33207, NCSDK-33163 (#22074)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

  **Affected platforms:** nRF54L

  **Workaround:** To fix the issue, update the ``sdk-mcuboot`` repository by cherry-picking the upstream commits with the following hashes: ``85ed722d00dc4e60804b34a066f642d80a6bc67f``

.. rst-class:: v3-0-0

> NCSDK-33207: MCUboot has its NVM protection diabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-33207: MCUboot has its NVM protection disabled
```

>   MCUboot builded as immutable bootloader has fprotect disabled by default on nRF54L DK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  MCUboot built as immutable bootloader has fprotect disabled by default on the nRF54L DK.
```

  **Affected platforms:** nRF54L

>   **Workaround:** Enable protection manually using :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FPROTECT` and  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FPROTECT_ALLOW_COMBINED_REGIONS` MCUboot's Kconfig options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Enable protection manually using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FPROTECT` and  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FPROTECT_ALLOW_COMBINED_REGIONS` Kconfig options of MCUboot.
```
